1.     Python program to check if a string is palindrome or not

2.     Reverse words in a given String in Python

3.     Ways to remove i’th character from string in Python

4.     Python | Check if a Substring is Present in a Given String

5.     Find length of a string in python (4 ways)

6.     Python program to print even length words in a string

7.     Python | Program to accept the strings which contains all vowels

8.     Python | Count the Number of matching characters in a pair of string

9.     Python program to count number of vowels using sets in given string

10. Remove all duplicates from a given string in Python

11. Python | Program to check if a string contains any special character

12. Generating random strings until a given string is generated

13. Find words which are greater than given length k

14. Python program for removing i-th character from a string

15. Python program to split and join a string

16. Python | Check if a given string is binary string or not

17. Python | Find all close matches of input string from a list

18. Python program to find uncommon words from two Strings

19. Python | Swap commas and dots in a String

20. Python | Permutation of a given string using inbuilt function

21. Python | Check for URL in a String

22. Execute a String of Code in Python

23. String slicing in Python to rotate a string

24. String slicing in Python to check if a string can become empty by recursive deletion

25. Python Counter| Find all duplicate characters in string

 

 

 

https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-programming-examples/ 


Basic Programs:

1.     Python program to add two numbers

2.     Python Program for factorial of a number

3.     Python Program for simple interest

4.     Python Program for compound interest

5.     Python Program to check Armstrong Number

6.     Python Program for Program to find area of a circle

7.     Python program to print all Prime numbers in an Interval

8.     Python program to check whether a number is Prime or not

9.     Python Program for n-th Fibonacci number

10. Python Program for Fibonacci numbers

11. Python Program for How to check if a given number is Fibonacci number?

12. Python Program for n\’th multiple of a number in Fibonacci Series

13. Program to print ASCII Value of a character

14. Python Program for Sum of squares of first n natural numbers

15. Python Program for cube sum of first n natural numbers

Array Programs:

1.     Python Program to find sum of array

2.     Python Program to find largest element in an array

3.     Python Program for array rotation

4.     Python Program for Reversal algorithm for array rotation

5.     Python Program to Split the array and add the first part to the end

6.     Python Program for Find reminder of array multiplication divided by n

7.     Reconstruct the array by replacing arr[i] with (arr[i-1]+1) % M

8.     Python Program to check if given array is Monotonic

List Programs:

1.     Python program to interchange first and last elements in a list

2.     Python program to swap two elements in a list

3.     Python program to remove Nth occurrence of the given word

4.     Python | Ways to find length of list

5.     Python | Ways to check if element exists in list

6.     Different ways to clear a list in Python

7.     Python | Reversing a List

8.     Python | Cloning or Copying a list

9.     Python | Count occurrences of an element in a list

10. Python program to find sum of elements in list

11. Python | Multiply all numbers in the list

12. Python program to find smallest number in a list

13. Python program to find largest number in a list

14. Python program to find second largest number in a list

15. Python program to find N largest elements from a list

16. Python program to print even numbers in a list

17. Python program to print odd numbers in a List

18. Python program to print all even numbers in a range

19. Python program to print all odd numbers in a range

20. Python program to count Even and Odd numbers in a List

21. Python program to print positive numbers in a list

22. Python program to print negative numbers in a list

23. Python program to print all positive numbers in a range

24. Python program to print all negative numbers in a range

25. Python program to count positive and negative numbers in a list

26. Remove multiple elements from a list in Python

27. Python | Remove empty tuples from a list

28. Python | Program to print duplicates from a list of integers

29. Python program to find Cumulative sum of a list

30. Break a list into chunks of size N in Python

31. Python | Sort the values of first list using second list

More >>

More >>

Dictionary Programs:

1.     Python | Sort Python Dictionaries by Key or Value

2.     Handling missing keys in Python dictionaries

3.     Python dictionary with keys having multiple inputs

4.     Python program to find the sum of all items in a dictionary

5.     Python | Ways to remove a key from dictionary

6.     Ways to sort list of dictionaries by values in Python – Using itemgetter

7.     Ways to sort list of dictionaries by values in Python – Using lambda function

8.     Python | Merging two Dictionaries

9.     Program to create grade calculator in Python

10. Python | Check order of character in string using OrderedDict( )

11. Python | Find common elements in three sorted arrays by dictionary intersection

12. Dictionary and counter in Python to find winner of election

13. Find all duplicate characters in string

14. Print anagrams together in Python using List and Dictionary

15. K’th Non-repeating Character in Python using List Comprehension and OrderedDict

16. Check if binary representations of two numbers are anagram

17. Python Counter to find the size of largest subset of anagram words

18. Python | Remove all duplicates words from a given sentence

19. Python Dictionary to find mirror characters in a string

20. Counting the frequencies in a list using dictionary in Python

21. Python | Convert a list of Tuples into Dictionary

22. Python counter and dictionary intersection example (Make a string using deletion and rearrangement)

23. Python dictionary, set and counter to check if frequencies can become same

24. Scraping And Finding Ordered Words In A Dictionary using Python

25. Possible Words using given characters in Python

More >>

Tuple Programs:

1.     Create a list of tuples from given list having number and its cube in each tuple

2.     Sort a list of tuples by second Item

More >>

Searching and Sorting Programs:

1.     Python Program for Binary Search (Recursive and Iterative)

2.     Python Program for Linear Search

3.     Python Program for Insertion Sort

4.     Python Program for Recursive Insertion Sort

5.     Python Program for QuickSort

6.     Python Program for Iterative Quick Sort

7.     Python Program for Selection Sort

8.     Python Program for Bubble Sort

9.     Python Program for Merge Sort

10. Python Program for Iterative Merge Sort

11. Python Program for Heap Sort

12. Python Program for Counting Sort

13. Python Program for ShellSort

14. Python Program for Topological Sorting

15. Python Program for Radix Sort

16. Python Program for Binary Insertion Sort

17. Python Program for Bitonic Sort

18. Python Program for Comb Sort

19. Python Program for Pigeonhole Sort

20. Python Program for Cocktail Sort

21. Python Program for Gnome Sort

22. Python Program for Odd-Even Sort / Brick Sort

23. Python Program for BogoSort or Permutation Sort

24. Python Program for Cycle Sort

25.   Python Program for Stooge Sort

 